**<span class="underline">Intent</span>**

This working paper will serve to describe the intent, workflow, and
prospective timeline with which to formally achieve the creation and
integration of committee and working group processes into Factom
governance. The group tasked with achieving this result will be known
henceforth as the Committee Restructuring Working Group (CRWG).

The Factom Protocol has a variety of committees and working groups whose
purpose is to research, organize, and solve for solutions to existing
problem areas when solutions don’t currently exist. In principle,
committees and working groups spur development and yield improvements to
Protocol governance, heighten community involvement, and allow their
members to hone in on a particular sub-topic or sub-project of interest.

However, Governance Doc 001 v1.5 presently fails to properly identify
the elements of a committee and does not include any methodology which
committees may employ to construct or maintain themselves. In
conjunction with the lack of information surrounding committee structure
and purpose, many questions arise regarding how committees fit into the
Factom ecosystem, at large, as well as how committees should function
internally, as well. The goal, then, is to eradicate these questions by
creating a framework for committees and working groups that fit into our
governance construct.

**<span class="underline">Workflow</span>**

\- This working paper is written by the Guides and posted to Factomize
as a PDF in a Governance, “Major Timed Discussion” thread.

\- The thread attempts to receive feedback and buy-in from the
community, as well as generates interest and participation from
committee and working group chairs and other committee or general
community members \[to join the CRWG\].

\- Community discussion ensues regarding the content of this working
paper.

\- The thread concludes ideally having met the goal of effectively
communicating the intent of creating this working group, and generates
community interest and membership within the CRWG.

\- A group Discord DM is created allowing all CRWG members to
communicate with ease.

\- The members of the CRWG work together over a period of time to
properly construct the framework with which to incorporate committee
restructuring in the Factom ecosystem.

\- Solutions will be made relating to: **What are the essential elements
of a committee? How do committees fit into the Factom ecosystem? How are
committees created? How does one join a committee? How do we know what
committees are working on, and what oversight will exist to ensure
committee accountability? How can we determine whether a committee is
dormant or excelling? How can we measure and/or track the success of a
committee? How is a committee Chair elected or removed? How are
disagreements handled within a committee? Can a Chair remove members of
a committee unilaterally? Can members throw out a Chair? How long can a
Chair be leading a committee?**

\- The changes relating to committee-specific creation, oversight, and
internal management are proposed in a new Document \#XXX \[Ratification
post + discussion on Factomize\]. – composed and edited by members of
the CRWG (some of whom will be Guides).

\- Doc 001 may link to this CRWG working paper. Doc 001 may also require
some changes (such as language referring to committees/working groups
existing, and that there is a framework for it), and going forward, the
Guides will gauge how the CRWG working group fits into Doc 001.

\- If the new Document \#XXX is ratified, then the framework for
committee restructuring and its integration within Factom governance
have been achieved.

\- If the new Document \#XXX is not ratified, then the framework is
deemed too immature or not sufficient yet, and re-working of the
aforementioned Document \#XXX will continue. Eventually, these documents
would be proposed for Ratification again, and the same process would
ensue.

**<span class="underline">Timeline</span>**

**Day 1**: The working paper is presented to the community on Factomize
after being vetted by the Guides. This working paper is established as a
“Governance” thread. However, this is not a Ratification thread, and a
formal vote is not necessary at this juncture. This working paper will
be attached in-thread as a PDF, and posted as a “Major Timed Discussion”
thread.

**Days 1 – 8**: The Major Timed Discussion permits eight (8) days of
discussion surrounding this topic. During this time period, any and all
community members may discuss what the Guides describe in this working
paper, and make inquiries, seek clarifications, or propose alternatives.
During this period, community members may state their intent of joining
the CRWG.

**End of Day 8**: The CRWG is formed with members listed in-thread, and
the group Discord DM is created.

**Day 9 - Day 23**: Two weeks elapses, and on Day 38 the CRWG proposes a
new Document \#XXX for committee-specific processes and details to the
Factom community for public review.

**Day 24 - 30**: The community spends one (1) week evaluating the
content of Doc \#XXX; suggesting revisions, additions, and omissions as
necessary.. The Guides will be responsible for merging any changes and
preparing the document for ratification.

**Day 31 - 38**: The Guides spend one (1) week incorporating any
necessary content from Document \#XXX into Governance Doc 001 v1.6 (such
as including the link to Document \#XXX and alluding to the location of
the committee/working group framework that is described in Document
\#XXX). Any and all proposed changes in Doc 001 v1.6, deviating from Doc
001 v1.5, are tracked in the trackable spreadsheet.

**Day 39**: Both Document \#XXX and Doc 001 v1.6 are posted in lockstep
on Factomize under the Governance tab -- and listed as “Ratification”
threads with a Standing Party “Normal Poll” vote at the end of the
discussion period to determine whether or not to Ratify these Documents.
If it is decided that no changes are needed to Doc 001 v1.6 with
reference to Document \#XXX, or that changes to Doc 001 v1.6, as they
relate to Document \#XXX are not urgent, then only Document \#XXX will
be posted for Ratification, and Doc 001 v1.6 changes can be posted on
Factomize at another time.
